Mark Xamarin as end of support (#3725)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: tests/ios/MASVS-CODE/MASTG-TEST-0085.md

In the case of copy-pasted sources: search the header files (in case of using Objective-C) and otherwise the Swift files for known method names for known libraries.

> Next, note that for hybrid applications, you will have to check the JavaScript dependencies with RetireJS. For legacy .NET-based mobile applications, C# dependencies should be reviewed accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, please note that for hybrid applications, you will have to check the JavaScript dependencies with RetireJS. Similarly for mobile cross platform frameworks, you will have to check their dependencies.
```
